Create README.md for Molecules folder (#395)
NMRLipids/BilayerData: Molecules/README.md

# FAIRMD Lipids Molecules

This folder contains Lipid molecules (`membrane`) and Solubles (`solution`).

> Currently available lipid molecules are listed at the FAIRMD Lipids website: https://databank.nmrlipids.fi/lipids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently available lipid molecules are listed at the FAIRMD Lipids website: https://lipids.fairmd.org/lipids
```
